Mass update module (#12)
customgento/docs: pages/mass-update-tier-prices-m2.md

## Usage Instructions
In your product overview (Catalog > Products) select the products that should get new tier prices and choose Actions > Update attributes.

![Select Products]({{ "images/mass-update-tier-prices-m2/select-items.jpg" }} "Select Products")

![Choose Update Attributes]({{ "images/mass-update-tier-prices-m2/update-attribute.jpg" }} "Choose Update Attributes")

Select "Mass Update Tier Prices". Add and configure as many tier prices as needed. Make sure to uncheck the checkbox, if you do not wish to replace already existing tier prices of the products. If the products do not have tier prices attached yet, you can keep the checkbox checked. Hit "Save" when finished.

![Mass Update Tier Prices Extension]({{ "images/mass-update-tier-prices-m2/configure-rules-form.jpg" }} "Mass Update Tier Prices Extension")

![Configure The Tier Price Rules]({{ "images/mass-update-tier-prices-m2/configure-rules.jpg" }} "Configure The Tier Price Rules")

> You will now be notified, that the tier price changes are scheduled for update and added to the queue. They get processed via the cronjob, which may take a few minutes, depending on your cronjob settings. You need to make sure, that your cronjob is running successfully (System > Tools > Cron Job Manager). You can check the status of the updates under System > Action Logs > Bulk Actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will now be notified, that the tier price changes are scheduled for update and added to the queue. They get processed via the cronjob, which may take a few minutes, depending on your cronjob settings. You need to make sure, that your cronjob is running correctly. You can check the status of the updates under System > Action Logs > Bulk Actions.
```

Mind that the cronjob manager is a third-party extension and not part of the Magento core :)

![Queue Notification]({{ "images/mass-update-tier-prices-m2/queue.jpg" }} "Queue Notification")

![Bulk Actions Log]({{ "images/mass-update-tier-prices-m2/bulk-actions-log.jpg" }} "Bulk Actions Log")

> After the updates have been processed, go back to your product overview, open one of the altered products and navigate to "Advanced Pricing". The tier prices are applied now. If you chose a configurable product, the tier prices are automatically applied to all it's variations now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the updates have been processed, go back to your product overview, open one of the altered products and navigate to "Advanced Pricing". The tier prices are applied now. If you chose a configurable product, the tier prices are automatically applied to all its variations now.
```

sidebar: mutp_m2_sidebar
toc: false
---

## Description
This extension for Magento 2 provides the ability to mass update the tier prices for multiple products at once.

If you want to add the same tier prices to more than one product, you no longer need to configure each of those products (or in case of configurable products each variation) individually. Instead, you conveniently configure the tier price rules at one place only and apply them to every product that should have them. You can choose whether the new tier price rules should only complement or completely replace already existing ones. In case of configurable products, all variations get the new rules applied.

## Usage Instruction
In your product overview (Catalog > Product) select the products that should get new tier prices and choose Actions > Update attributes.

![Select Products]({{ "images/mass-update-tier-prices-m2/select-items.jpg" }} "Select Products")

![Choose Update Attributes]({{ "images/mass-update-tier-prices-m2/update-attribute.jpg" }} "Choose Update Attributes")

> Select Mass Update Tier Prices. Add & configure as many tier price rules as needed. Make sure to uncheck the checkbox, if you do not wish to replace already existing tier price rules of the products (if the products do not have tier price rules attached yet, you can leave the checkbox clicked). Hit Safe when finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select "Mass Update Tier Prices". Add and configure as many tier price rules as needed. Make sure to uncheck the checkbox, if you do not wish to replace already existing tier price rules of the products. If the products do not have tier price rules attached yet, you can keep the checkbox checked. Hit "Save" when finished.
```

![Mass Update Tier Prices Extension]({{ "images/mass-update-tier-prices-m2/configure-rules-form.jpg" }} "Mass Update Tier Prices Extension")

![Configure The Tier Price Rules]({{ "images/mass-update-tier-prices-m2/configure-rules.jpg" }} "Configure The Tier Price Rules")

> Go back to you product overview, open one of the altered products and navigate to Advanced Pricing. The tier price rules are applied now. If you chose a configurable product, the rules are automatically applied to all it's variations now.

Reviewer: We should add a paragraph before this explaining that the changes are added to a queue and processed via the cronjob and that it may take a few minutes and that people need to make sure that their cronjob is running successfully. Additionally, we should note that the status can be checked under System > Action Logs > Bulk Actions (maybe with another screenshot).

Author: Good point 😄 they can check/configure/I-don't-know-the-right-term the cronjob under System > Tools > Cron Job Manager, right?

Reviewer: No, it has to be configured on the server. We could link the official docs by Magento for that, but they will be outdated pretty soon, so let us just add a generic hint "configure your cronjob".
